China is stirring the pot with a controversial national holiday this year.
It's called Victory Day of the Chinese People's War of Resistance against Japanese Aggression.
And it marks 70 years since China claimed victory over the Japanese.
In a one-off occasion, Chinese are marking September 3rd with a military parade and a day off.
Such spontaneous holidays are very rare here.
But the announcement is worrying Japanese businesses and members of the Japanese community here
who have been dealing with violent anti-Japan protest in recent years.
Japanese car makers have taken the biggest hit as images of protesters smashing those cars have gone viral in the past.
Japanese auto makers don't think it's likely there will be big protests again.
But if consumers are still concerned about their own cars being a target of such violence
that could make Chinese think twice about buying.
The relationship between China and Japan is rockier than ever.
The nations are locked in a conflict over island chain in the East China Sea.
And Shinzo Abe's military ambitions are not helping things.
Tensions have been on the simmer for years.
Sometimes boiling over into massive anti-Japan protests,
like the ones that swept through Shanghai in 2005, badly damaging the Japanese consulate.
But it's not all about keeping an old enemy on its toes.
Critics say the anniversary is also a way to shift the focus away from problems at home, like corruption in the government.